README.md, before:

# hack400tool - security handling tools for IBM Power Systems (formerly known as AS/400)
# Copyright (C) 2010-2017  Bart Kulach

"hack400tool" is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

"hack400tool" is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For executables, see "dist" folder.

2017-07-21 New major release

The new, major release introduces a number of changes:
- IBMiScanner has been rebranded to hack400scanner and includes a number of new or improvement functionalities related to gathering information about network services
- hack400tool has been rebranded to hack400exploiter (part of hack400tool suite) and includes a number of new or improved functionalities like remote QShell
- hack400auditor is a new demo program based on enhanced IBMiConnector class, that generates a basic compliance report. A full, commercial version of this program is in development.
- all tools have received a fresh look (thanks to @5up3rUs3r) and improved GUI error handling
- IFS explorer has been removed from hack400exploiter.

2016-06-04 Updates
- minor code fixes
- added netstat functionality in code (experimental)

2016-08-24 Updates

Main changes:
- temporary results are stored in sqlite database (better performance and stability)
- support for SHA1 hash extraction for John the Ripper at ibmiscanner (see www.hackthelegacy.org for details)
- other added options for ibmiscanner 
- minor GUI improvements (threading, progress bar)

Commit message:

Multiple changes - view README.md for full details

README.md, after:

# hack400tool - security handling tools for IBM Power Systems (formerly known as AS/400)
# Copyright (C) 2010-2017  Bart Kulach

"hack400tool" is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

"hack400tool" is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For executables, see "dist" folder.

2022-12-14 New major release from @MaxNad

The new, major release introduces a number of changes:
- Build system was converted to maven and all dependencies were updated
- Fixed multiple issues with type casting
- Fixed multiple issues with concurent thread access on Swing components
- Included a new feature to dump all user hashes
- Update the scanner database at start to ensure it is always up to date
- Fixed errors when recoving empty files
- Added safeguards to avoid deleting system libraries

2017-07-21 New major release

The new, major release introduces a number of changes:
- IBMiScanner has been rebranded to hack400scanner and includes a number of new or improvement functionalities related to gathering information about network services
- hack400tool has been rebranded to hack400exploiter (part of hack400tool suite) and includes a number of new or improved functionalities like remote QShell
- hack400auditor is a new demo program based on enhanced IBMiConnector class, that generates a basic compliance report. A full, commercial version of this program is in development.
- all tools have received a fresh look (thanks to @5up3rUs3r) and improved GUI error handling
- IFS explorer has been removed from hack400exploiter.

2016-06-04 Updates
- minor code fixes
- added netstat functionality in code (experimental)

2016-08-24 Updates

Main changes:
- temporary results are stored in sqlite database (better performance and stability)
- support for SHA1 hash extraction for John the Ripper at ibmiscanner (see www.hackthelegacy.org for details)
- other added options for ibmiscanner 
- minor GUI improvements (threading, progress bar)
